
INVARIANT: SCM TIFF files are BigTIFFs.

INVARIANT: An SCM TIFF file covers the entire sphere without gaps. As a consequence of this, an SCM TIFF contains at least six pages and each page has either zero or four sub-pages.

INVARIANT: If an SCM TIFF file includes a page, then it includes that page's parent.

INVARIANT: All channels have the same depth and format.

INVARIANT: All pages have the same size and channel count.

INVARIANT: All calculations giving sample values are performed in single precision float. All calculations giving sample positions are performed in double precision float. The allows fine resolution while keeping buffer sizes low.

INVARIANT: A cataloged SCM enumerates pages in index order. This allows reverse index lookups to be performed given offset.

TODO:

-	corner border pixel isn't matched (see Tycho).

-	east and west might be reversed (e.g. in border).  Be sure.

-	Change scmview to
		select the window size from the input
		refuse to scan past the end of the data

-	Convert all indices up from int?

-	Convert all vector calculations to double
		Leave the sample precision at single

-	Convert scm_mapping to a sparse representation
		This will be necessary for NAC ROI

		the original catalog implementation will work for
			combine - in constant time.
			mipmap  - with a small coefficient of linearity.
			normal  - with some pain, potentially n log n.
			border  - with a small coefficient of linearity.

		Build an actual quadtree in a single allocation.

		QSort and BSearch will do the job
			Assume elements are already sorted.
				Use the midpoint pivot to avoid the worst case.

-	There will HAVE to be some mechanism that limits very deep accesses
		to shallow or sparse data sets.
		We can't store half a billion flags for every loaded data set.
			Especially not in a dynamically-allocated container.

		Perhaps mark known leaves and traverse to parent until a hit?
		Perhaps the sparse map data structure will apply.

		Is it so bad to scan SubIFDs at init?
			Find out.
			Write a super scanner that reads ONLY SubIFDs and indices.
				Be advised that not all SCMs are linked.
				The LibTIFF implementation probably wont be as efficient.

?	Relink should guarantee that pages 0-5 exist.

-	Deal with repeat on combine and mipmap.

-	Optimize convert overlap detection

-	MPI frontend

-	Parallelize the zip.
		This may involve generalizing the number of "scanlines".

-	Fix the error at the international date line.

-	Skip the decode-encode in the append phase of the mipmap tool.
		(Cache the compression by noting the state of the zip buffer.)
		If done properly, this can also optimize the combine tool's operation
		upon pages with only one contributor.

-	Update scmview with the new colormap

-	Normal tool

-	Normalize option.
		Knock down the depth after sampling but before encoding.

-	Remove the min/max
		It's superfluous in the context of normalized data.

	Potential optimizations:
-		Precompute all pixel corners in convert sample
			This is a false optimization when n is not small

	Generalize channel counts in image access.
		switch (c) no longer suffices

-	Fix the mipmap flaw
		Turns out it was in the corner vector calculator
